Multiple issue fixes (#1250)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.multiplayer.docs: docs/basics/networkobject.md

title: NetworkObject
---

> A NetworkObject is a [GameObject](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/GameObjects.html) with a NetworkObject component and at least one [NetworkBehaviour](networkbehaviour.md) component, enabling the GameObject to respond to and interact with netcode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A NetworkObject is a [GameObject](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/GameObjects.html) with a NetworkObject component and at least one [NetworkBehaviour](networkbehaviour.md) component, which enables the GameObject to respond to and interact with netcode.
```

Reviewer: yeah, I'm un-gerunding...

:)
